Every time it's the same old thing,
You n me meet up like a burnin' flame
I don't mind if you play your game.
'Cause I'm gon' make you scream my name.
Scream my name, scream my name
Scream my name, scream my name.

In the club doin' my thang,
At the bar just sippin' a drink,
You walk by in them tight ass jeans,
Gave me and my homies a wink.
When I see that booty popping out
It do somethin' strange to me.
Like a full moon to a werewolf,
And talkin' like I'm crazzyyy
Now I can tell by your attitude
That you know that's yo policy
The way you walk, the way you talk.
It's like you got some goods to sell
I respect you're hustle girl, but don't try to hustle me.
'Cause I'm a straight pimp with a gangster limp.
And it runs in my family.

And the way your shakin' it at the club
Tryin' to make ya brother fall in love.
You dirty dance me all night long,
Then you leave me hanging, girl, you're wrong.

Every time it's the same old thing,
You n me meet up like a burnin' flame
I don't mind if you play your game.
'Cause I'm gon' make you scream my name.
Scream my name, scream my name
Scream my name, scream my name.

Girl your hot, your body's on fuego.
We fit together like if we was two lego's.
We on the floor when we grind to the beat.
I love the way your body's moving when it's grinding on me.
We got the drinks by the dozen and more bottles coming
But I don't care 'cause all I want is your loving, I'm a sex machine,
And girl you turn me on.
I get you off 'til the break of dawn.

And the way your shaking it at the club
Try to make ya brother fall in love.
You dirty dance me all night long,
Then you leave me hanging, girl, you're wrong.

Every time it's the same old thing,
You n me meet up like a burnin' flame
I don't mind if you play your game.
'Cause I'm gon' make you,
I'm gonna make you, I'm gonna make you.
I said I'm gonna make you, scream my name.

You know I want your body, your body wants me too.
You say I'm acting naughty, but girl, your naughty too.
Your girls wanna leave, I hear them calling you.
It's either them or me girl who you wanna do?
Girl come with me, let's play the scene.
We can have our fantasy
Come with me, let's play the scene.
You can have your fantasy with me.

You know I want your body, your body wants me too.
You say I'm acting naughty, but girl your naughty too.
Your friends they wanna leave, girl they're calling you.
It's either them or me, girl who you wanna do?